Welcome, in this video, we're going to install Git on the mac.
Open up your terminal program, and simply type "git version". Then press enter.
If you get this response, that means that Git is not installed. However, with newer version of the Mac operating system
we will be automatically prompted to install Git using the developer command line tools.
When this prompt comes up, you have the option of getting Xcode, which will include Git; dismiss this dialogue entirely,
which means not to install Git; or to install, which will install Git using the command line tools.
Click on "Install". On the license agreement, click on "Agree". This will being the download and installation process.
Once the installation process has finished, click on done. Great, to make sure we have a clean terminal session,
let's quit out of terminal, command+q, and fire it back up. Now type "git version", then press enter,
if our installation was successful, Git will respond with the version number that has been installed.
And in this particular case, we have, in parenthesis, the qualifier that it's an Apple version of Git.